[Music]
called drift what do you mean drew
the cause of lighter tires asleep when
you drift it's doing out of control you
make me so still need a dictionary on
the other side of the world on the wrong
side of the law
a new style of racy rules the Tokyo
underground are you guys their way with
this and all the best drivers want to
end was it her let's see what the kids
got done less rice
[Applause]
anything can happen
you came to the wrong place no in a
place where life moves this fast there's
a lot of money are you moving up in the
world
you gotta elevate your company the
bigger the risk the greater the rush
stay away from all my life people told
me I don't fit in maybe I've just been
in the wrong place
[Applause]
Oh
I'm simple make choices wrong with that
The Fast and the Furious Tokyo Drift
[Music]